akka://GithubActors/user/authenticator                                                        akka://GithubActors/user/authenticator
akka://GithubActors/user/repo_validator                                                       akka://GithubActors/user/repo_validator
akka://GithubActors/user/commander                                                            akka://GithubActors/user/commander
akka://GithubActors/user/commander/github_coor                                                akka://GithubActors/user/commander/github_coor
akka://GithubActors/user/commander/github_coor/github_worker                                  akka://GithubActors/user/commander/github_coor/github_worker*
akka://UIActors/user/dispatcher_coor                                                          akka://UIActors/user/dispatcher_coor
akka://UIActors/user/dispatcher_coor/page_navigator                                           akka://UIActors/user/dispatcher_coor/page_navigator
akka://UIActors/user/dispatcher_coor/dispatcher_command_notifier                              akka://UIActors/user/dispatcher_coor/dispatcher_command_notifier
akka://UIActors/user/initializer                                                              akka://UIActors/user/initializer
akka://UIActors/user/page_title                                                               akka://UIActors/user/page_title
akka://UIActors/user/auth_status_coor                                                         akka://UIActors/user/auth_status_coor
akka://UIActors/user/auth_status_coor/auth_status                                             akka://UIActors/user/auth_status_coor/auth_status
akka://UIActors/user/auth_status_coor/auth_busy                                               akka://UIActors/user/auth_status_coor/auth_busy
akka://UIActors/user/repo_launcher                                                            akka://UIActors/user/repo_launcher
akka://UIActors/user/repo_status_coor                                                         akka://UIActors/user/repo_status_coor
akka://UIActors/user/repo_status_coor/repo_busy                                               akka://UIActors/user/repo_status_coor/repo_busy
akka://UIActors/user/repo_status_coor/repo_status                                             akka://UIActors/user/repo_status_coor/repo_status
akka://UIActors/user/repo_launcher/repo_mainform                                              akka://UIActors/user/repo_launcher/repo_mainform
akka://UIActors/user/repo_launcher/repo_mainform/repo_presenter                               akka://UIActors/user/repo_launcher/repo_mainform/repo_presenter
akka://UIActors/user/repo_result_coor                                                         akka://UIActors/user/repo_result_coor
akka://UIActors/user/repo_result_coor/repo_progress                                           akka://UIActors/user/repo_result_coor/repo_progress
akka://UIActors/user/repo_result_coor/repo_results                                            akka://UIActors/user/repo_result_coor/repo_results